[Concept] Exercise - Vector-Arrays (with looping) (#641)
exercism/cpp: exercises/concept/making-the-grade/.docs/introduction.md

### General Syntax

The `for loop` consists of a header and a code block that contains the body of the loop wrapped in curly brackets.
The header consists of 3 components separated by semicolons `;`:  init-statement, condition, and another expression.
Each of these may be empty.

```cpp
for (init-statement; condition; expression) {
  some_statement;
}
```

- The **init** component is some code that runs only once before the loop starts.
- The **condition** component must be some expression that evaluates to a boolean and controls when the loop should stop.
The code inside the loop will run as long as this condition evaluates to true.
As soon as this expression evaluates to false, no more iterations of the loop will run.
- The **expression** component is some code that will run at the end of each iteration.

The `while loop` executes its body as long as its condition check is true.
The code snippet below shows how to transform a for into a while loop.

```cpp
init-statement;
while(condition) {
    some_statement;
    expression;
}
```

### Interlude: Increments and Decrements

When working with loops is often required to add 1 or subtract 1 from a counter variable.

> This is so common, that the operation has special operators: `++` and `--`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is so common, that the incrementing/decrementing actions have special operators: `++` and `--`.
```

> They come in a prefix and a postfix form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They come in a **prefix** and a **postfix** form.
```

The prefix changes the variable before use in the statement and the postfix version afterward.
You probably want the prefix version most of the time.

```cpp
int a{3};
int b{--a};
// b is 2, a is now 2
int c{a++};
// c is 2, a is now 3
```

### For Loops - An example

> The init component usually sets up a counter variable, the condition checks whether the loop should be continued or stopped and the post component usually increments the counter at the end of each repetition.

Reviewer: Not sure how to emphasize things here, but it _feels_ like init, condition, and post should be highlighted, bulleted or otherwise called out somehow.

```cpp
int sum{0}
for (int i{1}; i < 10; ++i) {
  sum += i;
}
```

This loop will sum the numbers from `1` to `9` (including `9`). 

### Break and Continue

Inside a loop body, you can use the `break` keyword to stop the execution of the loop entirely:

```cpp
int sum{2};
while(true) {
    sum *= 2;
    if (sum > 1000)
        break;
}
// sum is now 1024
```

In contrast, the keyword `continue` only stops the execution of the current iteration and continues with the next one:

```cpp
int equal_sum{0};
for (int i{1}; i < 7; ++i) {
  if  (n%2 == 1) {
    continue;
  }
  equal_sum += i;
}
// equal_sum is now 12
```

> > Note: it is usually easier to understand the logic of the loop, when the use of `break` and `continue` is minimized or entirely avoided.

Reviewer: I would consider making this an admonition, with a little more explanation of _why_.  The explanation being that `break` stops the loop, but then code _after_ the loop will execute.  `continue` "skips ahead" to the next iteration.

...neither of these actions is easy or clear to someone quickly scanning the code, so they should only be used when its absolutely necessary, or when other approaches are less clear.

# Introduction

## Arrays and Vectors

C++ offers different containers to store elements of the same type in an ordered way.
There is `std::array` for containers of a fixed size and `std::vector`, which comes with dynamic resizing capabilities.

### Construction

When you declare an array or a vector you need to specify the type of elements, that container will hold.
Arrays also need a size.

> Look at these examples to see it in action:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Look at these examples to see construction in action:
```

```cpp
#include<array>
#include <string>

// std::array variable_name<element_type, size> {list of elements}
std::array<std::string, 3> indie_rock {"yeah", "yeah", "yeah"};
// indie_rock contains the elements "yeah" three times
```

Vectors usually need more space, as they allocate memory for further growth.

> You do not need to specify a size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You do not need to specify a size:
```

```cpp
#include<vector>

// std::vector variable_name<element_type> {list of elements}
std::vector countdown<int> {3, 2, 1};
// my_vector contains the elements 3, 2 and 1
```

> Note: You do not need to know the exact mechanics behind the template concept yet, it will have its own concept further down the syllabus tree.

### Element access

Vectors and arrays share the same functions to access their elements.
You can use the member functions `front` and `back` to get the first and last elements of the container.
There is also `at` and the `[]` operator to access speficic elements.

```cpp
countdown[0];
// => 3
countdown.at(2);
// => 1
countdown[1] = 4;
// countdown now contains 3, 4 and 1
indie_rock.back() = "yeahs"; 
// indie_rock is now "yeah", "yeah", "yeahs"
```

> Note: If you pick a position that is not in the range of your container, `[]` might lead to undefined behavior.
> The `at` function would raise an exception, which might make your life easier in the long term.

### Vector modifiers

> As the vector is not fixed in size, it is possible to add or remove elements. Two common functions for that purpose are `emblace_back` and `pop_back`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a `vector` is not fixed in size, it is possible to add or remove elements. 
Two common functions for that purpose are `emplace_back` and `pop_back`.
```

Reviewer: "emblace" looked like a typo, and I could only find "emplace_back" in a C++ search.

```cpp
std::array<std::string, 3> witches {"Holly", "Alyssa", "Shannen"};
witches.pop_back(); 
// Shannen is no longer with the witches

> witches.emblace_back("Rose");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
witches.emplace_back("Rose");
```

Reviewer: same here - so replaced "emblace" with "emplace"
